README.md, before:

MessageACP
===============================

Provides the com.woltlab.wcf.message functions in the ACP.


Version notes
-------------

The currently available source code represents a beta version of Message ACP and should not be used in productive environments.

Contribution
------------

For information on contributing to the Message ACP refer to CONTRIBUTING.md in this folder.

License
-------

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Commit message:

Added branch structure to readme.

README.md, after:

MessageACP
===============================

Provides the com.woltlab.wcf.message functions in the ACP.

Version notes
-------------

The currently available source code represents a beta version of Message ACP and should not be used in productive environments.

Branch structure (until first stable release)
----------------

* master Contains tagged release versions.
* dev The development happens here. Whenever a release is stable and complete, it gets merged into master. Pull requests are merged into dev and start from there. That's why dev is the default branch of the repository.

Contribution
------------

For information on contributing to the Message ACP refer to CONTRIBUTING.md in this folder.

License
-------

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
